---
layout: project
title: Honda CT 110
description: I bought a 1984 Honda CT 110!
summary:
category: Project category
---

I bought a 1984 Honda CT 110! I'll add some pictures to this post soon.

The bike runs great and starts first kick most days. I've name the bike Roo, after Roo from Winnie the  Pooh. I think it's a fitting name given the fact this bike was used by the Australian postal service for many years. It's often referred to as a "postie bike".

Although Roo runs great, he will need some love to get him in tip top shape. These are the items that I'm aware of thus far:

* 2nd gear shifting problem
  * Roo has a hard time getting into second gear. I suspect this has something to do with a broken lever in the gear selector assembly. If this is the case, it should't be too hard of a fix.

* Leaking oil
  * Roo is leaking small amounts of oil. I'm not sure where the leak is coming from, but this should be a simple fix. Replacing some old gaskets should do the trick here.

* Lights
  * Roo's turning indicator lights are not working properly. They do turn on, but they're not very bright and they don't blink. I plan to replace the current incandescent bulbs with LEDs. This should fix the brightness issue. From there, I'll see what needs to be done about the blinking issue.

  My goal is to have all of these issues fixed by June! That way I can still have the majority of the summer left to ride. Then I'll use the winter to do more serious restoration work.

  I'll continue with updates as I go. 
